I swear you'll pay
for this, you worms!
I'll kill you,
slowly and surely!
Not a single one of you is
getting away! Say your prayers!
You've finally shown
your true colors, huh?
Go ahead and try it!
If you think I'll be defeated
that easily, you're gravely
mistaken!
Of all the things you
might have said...
It seems you've forgotten
how terrifying I can be.
Let me remind you.
It can't be!
T-T-To think he'd
be this dreadful...!
"A Nightmarish Transformation!
Freeza at Battle Power
1,000,000."
That huge Ki just
got even larger.
Has that Freeza guy
finally gone into action?
I sense a faint Ki. I
hope that isn't Gohan!
A Namekian, who
looks just like me...
He's close to death.
A-Are you the Namekian the
earthlings were talking about?
Y-You are... Then their
wish was granted. Good.
Ho, you seem to know
all about everything, huh?
Then you must also know that
I am hurrying to help those
kids.
Yeah...
Sorry, but I'll have to
leave you here to die.
You surprise me.
I don't know what kind
of training you've done,
but you've gained an
unbelievable level of power.
Which makes it all
the more a shame.
If only you had come back here
as your original, single self...
What?!
...you could have beaten Freeza.
Hmph, are you saying that
if I had merged with Kami,
and we had become one again,
our power would be greater
than even that Freeza bastard?
Th-That's right. I was
overwhelmingly beaten by Freeza,
but I think I... know
Freeza's power pretty well.
Hmph, it doesn't make
any difference now.
Besides, I never intend
to rejoin with him!
Then...
...j-join with me.
I am the last...
...warrior-type
Namekian on this world.
What? You?
Y-Yes. Your own power would
increase several times over.
I'm flattered by your offer,
but I want to be who I am.
I don't want to join your
individuality with mine.
Heh... You're a proud one...
Hurry! There's no time!
I am going to die soon. Quickly,
place your hand on my body!
D-Don't worry.
Your personality will be your
own.
I will be yours. I will be
nothing more than a catalyst.
You wouldn't lie to me, right?
If you think I would, then go on
ahead and get killed by Freeza.
All right. Very well,
I'll try it your way.
But if I don't like it
the least little bit,
I'll drive you out right away.
That's a fine thing to say,
when I'm offering you a
wonderful present with the best
of intentions.
I'm in a hurry. If you're
going to do this, then do it.
Y-You make sure you
kill Freeza. Got it?
Hmph, I don't need
to hear it from you.
That's what I want, if I can
manage it. For my own sake, as
well.
N-No way... How can this be...?
What power!
What unbelievable,
amazing power!
I-Is this what it is
to merge with someone?!
I can beat him! Whoever my
opponent may be, I can't lose!
I have just obtained
ultimate power!
Gohan, at this rate, Vegeta will
be finished off in no time!
We have to get in
there, and go for broke!
Right!
Kuririn-san!
What a Ki... There's
no way we can win...
Of course not. Do you think that
three mere ants can beat a
dinosaur?
Yes, we can.
If we three fight together,
we can manage to beat you.
What did you say?
You can beat me?
That's right.
Of all the things you
might have said...
Freeza, not even you appear
to have realized this,
but their battle powers
are rising quickly.
The little one, in particular,
has a hidden power that
not even he is aware of.
And I am in the
process of becoming
the Super Saiyan that
you are so afraid of!
I'm surprised that you would
tell such a whopper as that.
A Super Saiyan?
You are really pushing
my buttons, you bastard!
What?!
I see. So it wasn't
complete hogwash.
It's true... If the three
of us fight together,
we might be able to
get through this.
Sure, he's incredibly tough,
but our power has increased,
too!
I see. After coming here, Vegeta
has gained strength beyond his
limits.
But then, why is Freeza so
unusually calm and composed?
Transform yourself, Freeza.
T-Transform?!
If we're going to do this,
why don't you transform right
now, and show us your true
self?!
Ho, I am impressed that
you knew about that.
How did you find out?
That bastard Zarbon let it slip.
W-What are you talking about?!
There are a very small number of
weirdos out there in the
universe
that are able to alter their
forms when it becomes necessary.
Whether for the
sake of camouflage,
or to prevent them from
consuming energy unnecessarily
in their usual states.
My case is a little different.
It is because I have too much
power, and cannot control it
myself.
W-What?
Don't let him scare
you! He's just bluffing!
He won't change that much.
Are you sure about that?
Very well. If you want to die
that badly, I'll show you.
Watch closely, now. This is not
something you will see every
day.
After all, I had absolutely
no need to transform myself
when I attacked Planet Vegeta,
where the Saiyans lived.
Vegeta-san, your father,
the king of Planet Vegeta,
was not all that big a deal.
Don't let that fact
swell your head!
I had surpassed the king's power
when I was just a little kid!
The Saiyans' planet was
destroyed by him, was it?
Now, prepare to be stunned!
Ha! What kind of transformation
is that?! It's laughable!
Imagine, your transformation
consisting of stripping out of
that,
and making yourself lighter!
Vegeta-san, you disappoint me.
And after all the favor
I have shown you, too.
If only you had remained
submissive to me,
you would not have had
to experience this terror.
What?!
You mean you're now
just getting to it?!
What?!
Th-This can't be right...!
W-We're gonna die!
I-It's a nightmare!
Watch yourselves.
Now that I'm like this, I won't
be as gentle as I was before.
W-What a Ki!
W-What is this?!
The strength of Freeza's Ki
just increased many times over!
I-It couldn't be...!
Gohan!
Vegeta, where's all that energy
you had a moment ago?
You were pretty free with
your words, weren't you?
Well, not that I can blame you.
Not now that I've shown you
my overwhelming power.
W-What a monster!
Like I said, watch yourselves.
After all, I have more
power than I can handle.
I just might overdo things.
Incidentally, you can be sure my
battle power is at least a
million.
W-What?!
O-Oh, no...
N-Not even you could
be that strong...
Hmph, if you think I'm lying,
then allow me to demonstrate.
Dende!
What is this?! What has
that bastard Freeza done?!
What is with this planet?!
W-Where's Kuririn-san?!
Where's Kuririn-san?!
Over here!
You're bleeding!
It's no big deal. One of those
rock fragments just hit me.
Your swiftness in fleeing is
quite impressive. I applaud you.
But then, that one was just
my way of offering my regards.
Even a Saiyan is
capable of that.
D-Damn it!
The look on your face
is pathetic, Vegeta.
Apparently, you never imagined
that I would become this strong.
Well now, who shall
I show hell to first?
I've decided!
Kuririn-san!!
H-He's fast!
All too easily, Freeza
runs Kuririn through!
Is this the strength of Freeza?!
Kuririn-san!!
Heya! I'm Goku!
Kuririn has been done in?!
Damn it, I can't wait until
I've completely recovered!
Kuririn-san, please don't die!
Kid, you don't appear to be just
an ordinary pipsqueak, huh?
But the more you struggle,
the more angry you make me!
Next time on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
"Freeza Bares His Fangs!
A Transcendental Power Attacks
Gohan."
Now, to finish you!